fix(kselect): kselect reskin [KHCP-8998] (#1832)
Kong/kongponents: docs/guide/migrating-to-version-9.md

### KPagination

> KPagination now uses [KDropdown](/components/dropdown) instead of [KSelect](/components/select) as underlying element for page size selector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KPagination now uses [KDropdown](/components/dropdown) instead of [KSelect](/components/select) as the underlying component for page size selection.
```

### KSelect

#### Props

* `appearance` prop has been removed. KSelect comes in one appearance (what previously was `select` appearance). If you need an element that behaves like a select but looks like a button, check out KDropdown's [selectionMenu prop](/components/dropdown#selectionmenu)
* `buttonText` prop has been removed
* `testMode` prop has been removed
* `overlayLabel` prop has been removed
* `filterFunc` prop has been renamed to `filterFunction`
* `autosuggest` prop has been removed and replaced with `enableFiltering` prop. Should you want to simply enable default component-handled filtering or perform async fetching behind the scenes, you can use this prop in combination with`@query-change` event to achieve that

#### Events

* `item:added` event has been changed to `item-added`

> * `item:removed` event has been changed to `item-removed`

Reviewer: same question here as multiselect - why are we renaming the events?
